---
title: 'Pressbooks 3.9.0'
date: '2016-10-20T12:00'
author: Ned Zimmerman
tags:
  - Changelog
---

[Pressbooks 3.9.0](https://github.com/pressbooks/pressbooks/releases/tag/v3.9.0) just went
live on [Pressbooks.com](https://pressbooks.com/) and all of our other production
networks. Here’s what changed:

- **Feature:** Added a web theme option to display the title of the current part in the
  webbook (props to @bdolor).
- **Feature:** Noto CJK fonts (required for Chinese, Japanese and Korean PDF output) are
  now downloaded only when needed from within Pressbooks, reducing the overall size of the
  Pressbooks download.
- **Feature:** Added a recompile routine for webbook stylesheets to allow more
  straightforward development (only enabled when `WP_ENV` is defined and set to
  `development`).
- **Enhancement:** Applied our
  [coding standards](https://github.com/pressbooks/pressbooks/blob/master/docs/coding-standards.md)
  across the board and added PHP_CodeSniffer to our CI routines.
- **Enhancement:** Added some unit tests.
- **Enhancement:** Moved the Pressbooks API to /vendor.
- **Enhancement:** Changed some colour variables for clarity.
- **Enhancement:** Added initial support for SVG LaTeX images in PDF exports (requires
  [QuickLaTex](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-quicklatex/)).
- **Enhancement:** Added some scaffolding to allow option defaults to be filtered in pages
  built using the new options class.
- **Enhancement:** The book information post is now created when a book is registered.
- **Fix:** Added missing methods which were triggering fatal errors in the Export Options
  page (props to @bdolor).
- **Fix:** Fixed in issue which prevented the Ebook paragraph separation theme option from
  being applied in Clarke.
- **Fix:** Fixed an issue where internal links from within part content were broken in
  EPUB.
- **Fix:** Fixed an issue where backslashes would be erroneously stripped when
  replacements were applied in the Search and Replace utility (props to @rootl for the bug
  report).
- **Fix:** Fixed an issue where the book title would not be updated on the first save.
