---
title: "Pressbooks 3.6.0"
date: "2016-06-23"
tags: 
  - "changelog"
---

Pressbooks 3.6.0 just went live on [Pressbooks.com](https://pressbooks.com/) and all of our other production networks. Here's what's changed:

- Requires WordPress 4.5.3.
- Feature: Structural SCSS and supports are in place for the new book theme model (see [https://pressbooks.org/core/2016/05/16/rethinking-book-themes/](https://pressbooks.org/core/2016/05/16/rethinking-book-themes/)).
- Feature: Clarke 2.0 has been rebuilt on the new book theme model (see [https://pressbooks.com/themes/clarke](https://pressbooks.com/themes/clarke)).
- Feature: Themes built on the new book theme model can display publisher logos on the title page via `add_theme_support( 'pressbooks_publisher_logo', [ 'logo_uri' => $logo_uri ] )`.
- Feature: Themes built on the new book theme model define support for global typography using `add_theme_support( 'pressbooks_global_typography', [ $language_codes ] )`.
- Feature: Custom post types, built-in taxonomies and custom taxonomies can now be imported from a Pressbooks or WordPress XML file using the filters `pb_import_custom_post_types` and `pb_import_custom_taxonomies` (props to @monkecheese).
- Feature: Filter hooks have been added which allow content to be appended to front matter, chapters and back matter via `pb_append_front_matter_content`, `pb_append_chapter_content` and `pb_append_back_matter_content`(props to @monkecheese).
- Feature: Network administrators can now clear all of a book's exports (this is useful for testing).
- Enhancement: The Export page is now responsive.
- Enhancement: `script.js` is no longer required for Prince exports (if the the file is not there it will no longer trigger an error).
- Enhancement: The `<base href="">` tag has been removed from XHTML outputs, which should make these files more functional in some cases (props to @bdolor).
- Fix: Search and Replace is now accessible to book administrators, not just network administrators.
- Fix: The broken Forum link in the Pressbooks menu has been replaced with a link to our Help page.
