---
title: "Notes from the Pressbooks Accessibility Group"
date: "2016-09-28T12:00"
author: Ned Zimmerman
tags:
  - "Accessibility"
---

Pressbooks’ first meeting on accessibility with our Open Source partners took place today.
Hugh and I were joined by Jess Mitchell and Jonathan Hung from the
[Inclusive Design Research Centre](https://idrc.ocadu.ca) at OCAD and Brad Payne and Josie
Gray from [BCcampus](https://bccampus.ca). We identified and discussed four initial tasks
to begin work on making Pressbooks more accessible and inclusive for authors and readers
alike:

1. Conducting an audit of the Pressbooks administration interface for accessibility and
   inclusivity (see
   [pressbooks/pressbooks#487](https://github.com/pressbooks/pressbooks/issues/487 "Conduct accessibility & inclusivity audit of administration interface"));
2. Conducting an audit of the Pressbooks web book theme and root theme interfaces for
   accessibility and inclusivity (see
   [pressbooks/pressbooks#488](https://github.com/pressbooks/pressbooks/issues/488 "Conduct accessibility & inclusivity audit of web book interface"));
3. Integrating the IDRC Fluid Project’s display preferences tool into the Pressbooks web
   book theme and root theme interfaces (see
   [pressbooks/pressbooks#489](https://github.com/pressbooks/pressbooks/issues/489 "Add @fluid-project user interface options to web books and root theme"));
4. Assessing potential tools to help authors review their books’ content for accessibility
   and inclusivity (see
   [pressbooks/pressbooks#490](https://github.com/pressbooks/pressbooks/issues/490 "Accessibility & inclusivity review tool for book content")).

In our discussion of the fourth point, we heard from Josie, who in her work at BCcampus
has been using a combination of tools (including
[Total Validator](https://www.totalvalidator.com/downloads/index.html) and
AChecker and manual review against to the W3C’s
[Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/) to assess
the accessibility and inclusivity of their OERs. Jess and Jonathan also recommended
[WAVE](https://wave.webaim.org/) for this.

We plan to have a second meeting of the accessibility group within one month (tentatively
on Wednesday, October 26, 2016) and in the meantime, I will be working with Jess and
Jonathan to get a development instance of Pressbooks running at the IDRC for auditing
purposes, working on the integration of the Fluid display preferences module, and
continuing discussions with Jess and Jonathan on the IDRC’s metadata tools. Brad and Josie
will work on compiling a matrix of problem patterns that Josie has identified in her
content review work, and Jess and Jonathan will walk through their audit process and
results with the accessibility group at our next meeting so that we can all get a sense of
best practices. Thanks to everyone who could join us today! It was an exciting first
meeting, and we’re looking forward to continued collaboration on this important component
of the Pressbooks project.
